All right.
This is going to be a quick video.
In this video, we're going to be making sure that all our movie titles are getting rendered.
So we already got one of the titles rendered here.
So let's just go back to our code.
Let's just open up our home content cards in here.
We can see that we are loading all the movies data from our server that's running here and we get the
response in data.
So the only thing that we need to be doing over here is we're going to be setting up this state.
Now you can see that we already have the state declared here.
So I'm just going to be seeing all year set movies and then we pass in the data that we're getting from
our server.
So that's that's pretty much it that we need to be doing for setting this state.
Now, if you're not really aware about React, do not really worry.
This is something to manage and decompress dynamically.
Okay.
So once we have these states selected, we can see that we have another function here called as render
movies.
In this we are loading suspense along with the movie car component.
So in here we're going to be passing in a couple of parameters to make it dynamic.
I've just opened up the movie card dot TSX implementation and you can see that it takes in two properties
to set it dynamically.
One is the title and second is the image you all now to be modifying this.
What we can do is we can just pass in the title and the title is going to be received from the item
property so we can see item dot name.
So item is basically the individual array items.
So just going back to our browser, if I just check out all the syntax of our area that's being returned.
So if I just open this up, we have the array within that we have the name.
So that is in the name property.
So in here I need to say item name and we also need to passing in the image order.
So the image you are all equals to item dot image.
You are.
Just like that.
Let's give that a serve and let's go back to our browser.
Let's give this a refresh.
And now we can see that all our data is loading.
So that looks pretty good now.
Just a couple of things to fix all year.
One thing is we do not need this dummy title here anymore.
So let's get rid of that so we can get rid of this div from here.
Now, another advancement that I'd like to do is instead of having this suspense block here and rendering
it every time we go through all the items, I'm just going to be doing it once.
So we have this div in here and within this we are calling this random movie list.
That's the function here.
So what I can do is I can sort of cut this suspense block from here and be a stitch to remove this closing
tag from here, be a stir here as well, and move all this rendered function within this single suspense
block.
So just make sure your syntax is proper.
You have this suspense block starting.
This is the suspense block closing.
And within this, you have the rendered movie list in the.
So that's how you execute the JavaScript function in React.
Okay, let's give that a save.
Let's make sure things are working right in our browser.
I'm going to hit refresh and things are working perfectly.
All right.
That looks pretty good.
Now, the next part is more like an exercise video in which you are going to be sort of replacing this
quick bookings again from a component that we already have created in our React component.
So let's take a short break and see what is this exercise all about.